No, why would I call him?
Whose little lover still needs to control the bandits?
Hello
I can't come back today, let's talk about it tomorrow
Why didn't you say three days?
It's afternoon after shooting, I'm too tired to drive
Then I'll send someone to pick you up.
No, I don't like riding in dirty cars
My car is fine, why is it dirty?
PR cannot
Vice President, wait a minute, I'll call
Mr. Gu, you are looking for me.
I want to know.
When did I have something to do with Rossini?
It's our job to apologize, Mr. Gu
It's just that you didn't say it before.
There are rumors of this kind of whimsy
The response is to flatter them
So are we going to respond positively this time?
Who made you respond?
Don't you know how to send a lawyer?
Oh, I understand.
I will contact the legal department to deal with it.
Wang Jie
Go get the information on the car from last night, Vice President
Never mind.
Did you change that car?
Oh, OK, OK.
hung up several times
The handsome past is so humiliating
I stopped by work yesterday and came back.
No more than three sentences along the way
Legal review
The car changed to the lower part, I'll have someone pick it up
this
It's so fierce in the end
Hello, Miss Sun.
Don't want to pay attention to me and run so far
Why are you here?
It's okay to walk by the way to get some air